what's up guys i'm jeff i'm parish i'm
pencil i'm tyler there's another view
back to my shisha royalty and hiccup in
central calm today we're gonna be
reviewing their galactic energy pins
which basically cosmic energy typo no
galactic galactic first is the name of
one flavor and wormhole is a nucleus a
active burst is buried and where mole is
one minute the whole out the whole thing
- they're supposed to be caffeine
infused in them but they actually do say
cosmic energy on them I think that's the
line galactic person weren't more
probably just part of the flavor but uh
I have the wormhole watermelon one yeah
as far as their patient goes it's just
cheap plastic little rubber stopper that
holds the pins inside not too big
nice of a case I guess maybe the big as
far as like advertising they're pretty
good it's not too over-the-top you know
it's simple nice they got the nice
shoulder mount that bottom these are
different like a higher end pin I have
definitely like these ones I think they
were rated for 1200 hits I think that's
what they're afraid for its sound like
that well I'm about to test it yeah its
perks it does look pretty cool it's like
it's pretty well though the lights are
really bright on my like that it's all
really cool it's fancy the draw is
actually really good which is awesome a
lot of pens have a lot of really
restricted draw if they hit it really
hard
as far as I can pinch go but on that
note you do hit it for about five six
seconds the light it has like the
overheating light that a lot do when
they get too hot and don't burn but it
just stops and it's kind of a letdown
I mean being experienced as we are we
hit them about three times yeah you
could hit it three times like the light
out before we're done taking a hit and I
mean it kind of like
but would really it lengthens the
lifetime of the pen so you can't over
hit it you're not really like sucking
all of its power out yeah
but a lot of pens do that some can't
really take that much pressure you can
hit on that are he's right it is to make
the pen actually last longer
but overall though these are pretty good
pence I like them
definitely definitely up there towards
the top I would definitely buy these and
recommend them to friends but yeah I do
I do like it um now as far as the flavor
goes on the watermelon one I love this
watermelon one a lot more flavor than
the what you call it there's a great
first disagreed I like to galactic first
one watermelon he's allergic to I don't
know them so if that does not count that
might be why but um I'd like to die I
guess we'll go off with ratings now um
why did on the first watermelon I'm
gonna give it a night
because the flavors really strong the
blueberry one I'm gonna get that one
make it seven because I really don't
like the flavouring it that much but it
still gets well on overall pens
I'll give him a nine um watermelon
flavor I'd definitely get or nine I love
the flavor um galactic burst it's not
really hitting me to like flavorful I
give it a seven I mean it's not bad I
wouldn't not smoke it as far as the Pens
go as far I'm not really sure on how
much the caffeine is really gonna affect
it I mean I'm pretty hyped up on some
monsters right now but caffeine not sure
what it's doing it's not making that
hard choice at school it's still smooth
I like the idea the pins and themselves
given eight better definitely better
than not some pens I've had in the past
watermelon can't believe snow
I don't want time so I'm gonna give it a
seven just because I like the way the
Pens are like the way they draw out
everything but the galactic verse yep
Perry I'm gonna give it a nice I like a
lot actually for the watermelon one
I'll give it a knighthood tastes really
good and for the blueberry oh eight and
in general a bit depends of nine yeah so
if you were looking to get to them I'm
gonna go to the link down below to wk
Penn Central comm there is a discount
code it's fifteen off royalty I'll put
that down there so you don't spell it
wrong yeah it'll be in there you'll get
50% off your entire order so that's
pretty cool
definitely definitely go to this website
they have a lot more they have more than
just these little pens they have more
expensive ones if you want the nicer
ones but as these ones go I would
definitely buy this again and
recommended to people so like maybe say
subscribe to this channel if you want to
see more views we have tons and tons of
products that we're getting right now
and reviews yeah we're starting to pick
back up yeah I wanted more to learn now
yeah definitely go like us on Facebook
if you want to actually message us and
our have any questions you can either
comment on this video or any of the
video or message us on Facebook because
of a build on my phone and I can reply
to you instead well looks like we're
back to you on Facebook yeah especially
sponsors if you're looking to maybe you
want to be a product review message us
on Facebook it's the easiest way because
I will get a notification on my phone so
I can respond to you fast as I can and
we can set up some Americano I have been
like I'm on the tumblr so when you guys
follow us messages and stuff on there I
mean I'll get back to you
still still working on that we're kind
of really the problem is we just haven't
really decided like a system on it yeah
like the easiest way we're gonna do it
as ombre to run the YouTube in the
Facebook he's doing the tumblr and if
anything he's gonna run the Instagram so
that's how it's gonna be
I'll give all the rights to them for the
Instagram because that's kind of his
world so we all have our own little
genres with when it comes to social
media selfie queen yeah so it'll be
about him I trust him whatever he's
gonna upload I'll send them stuff
someone upload it I mean any of us can
do it but that's how it's gonna work so
yeah um if you like this video give us a
thumbs up please it really helps us out
shout out to all your friends share us
we're one of them I think we're one of
the better to be channels on here
we were smiling yeah well I mean we get
we get a we get a decent amount of
messages on Facebook yeah I mean we all
respond are super nice yeah just I mean
if you even if you get bored one day
just talk to us we're cool now we will
pour fun yeah yeah um so thank you guys
for watching this been interviewed by
specialty